1. We are writing a Agent clinic a place for AI agents to get relief from their humans look in the read me md for input from stakeholders. Lets create a constitution in a spec directory mission md tech stack md road map md for highlevel implementation order in a very small phases of work . you must use your ask user Question tool grouped on these 3 before writing to disk.
2. Can we not have storage
3.find the next phase on specs/roadmap.md and make a branch and ask me about the feature spec . create a new directory YYYY-MM-DD-feature-name under spec for this feature work. in there plan md as a series of numbered task groups. requirements.md for the scope, decisions and context, validation md for how to know implementation succesded and can be merged. refer mission and tech stack md for guidance
4. shouldnt app folder be structured - agent said dont build ahead of time
5. now I have merged to main  create a new branch from the main to move forward - created new spec folder
6. implemented the spec folder
7. then I asked for tests : update the tech stack md to capture that we want to use the vitetest tests for validation and write a script in package.json 
8. asked for site wide change: products web ui should follow responsive design. update product specs and all feature specs to reflect this, as well as any code
9. Spec and code need to be in sync.
10. if the change is big then schedule it on the road map as its own featue phase instead of doing in re-planning.
11. I want to keep a changelog md  in the project root with heading for dates. if no change log examine git commits and bullets for each date, then as we work we will manually invoke this skill before merging. help me wite a skill for this
12. update read me, formatting, test writing and other quality checks
13. skills are great for definable and repeatable workflows - skill for implementing a change log update
14. Ask agent for very specific change or do it yourself - use extracted typescript type instead of inline and re run tests
15. Do a deep review: spawn multiple sub agents to go through all the changes in this branch from 3 different perspectives and see if anything that make sense and could be better etc.
16. Make decisions as per the tool and ask to check and keep drifting
17. Ask to create a change log
16. asked to create a drift strip to stop hook 
18. I want to stop repeating the feature spec prompt. Use your skill creator to help me write a feature spec,a local skill. Here is the previous prompt: Find the next phase on specs/roadmap.md and make a branch, ask me about the feature spec. Create: - A new directory YYYY-MM-DD-feature-name under specs for this feature work - In there: - 'plan.md' as a series of numbered task groups. - 'requirements.md' for the scope, decisions, context - 'validation.md' for how to know the implementation succeeded and can be merged 
Riker to specs/mission.md and specs/tech-stack.md for guidance. 
19. MCP for external tools, Agents.md for rules and agent skill for capturing repeatable workflow with extra context and ACP to connect agents to clients

